#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
asgiref==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.4.0
    # via openedx-events
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via edx-lint
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via pymongo
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via openedx-events
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.1
    # via openedx-events
edx-lint==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   openedx-events
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==37.11.0
    # via factory-boy
fastavro==1.12.0
    # via openedx-events
freezegun==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements/test.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
jsonfield==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
openedx-events==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
pockets==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinxcontrib-napoleon
psutil==7.1.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pylint==3.3.9
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.15.3
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   freezegun
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   pockets
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sphinxcontrib-napoleon
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/docs.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-napoleon==0.7
    # via -r requirements/docs.txt
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
tzdata==2025.2
    # via faker
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
